Create rule S5344(python): Passwords should not be stored in plain-text or with a fast hashing algorithm (#3715)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5344/common/fix/scrypt-parameters.adoc

==== Select the correct Scrypt parameters

If scrypt must be used, the default values of scrypt are considered secure.

> Like Argon2id, scrypt has three different parameters that can be configured: the
> minimum CPU/memory cost parameter (N), the blocksize (r) and the degree of
> parallelism (p).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Argon2id, scrypt has three different parameters that can be configured: the
iteration count (N), the block size (r) and the parallelism factor (p).
All of these parameters affect the memory and CPU usage of the algorithm.
```

> Like Argon2id, scrypt has three different parameters that can be configured: the
> minimum CPU/memory cost parameter (N), the blocksize (r) and the degree of
> parallelism (p).
> 
> The higher the values of N, r and p, the safer it is, but it should be tolerable
> for the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Argon2id, scrypt has three different parameters that can be configured. N is
the CPU/memory cost parameter and must be a power of two. r is the block size
and p is the parallelization factor.

All three parameters affect the memory and CPU usage of the algorithm.
Higher values of N, r and p result in safer hashes, but come at the cost of
higher resource usage.
```

==== Select the correct Scrypt parameters

If scrypt must be used, the default values of scrypt are considered secure.

Like Argon2id, scrypt has three different parameters that can be configured: the
minimum CPU/memory cost parameter (N), the blocksize (r) and the degree of
parallelism (p).

The higher the values of N, r and p, the safer it is, but it should be tolerable
for the application.

> In general, we recommend to keep r=8, and a hash length of 64 bytes. OWASP
> recommends the following values for N and p:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, OWASP recommends to keep r=8, a hash length of 64 bytes, and the following values for N and p:
```
